This product respects and protects the personal privacy of all users of network services using this product. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this product will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy. However, this product will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, this product will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. This product will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When you agree to the agreement on the use of network services for this product, you shall be deemed to have agreed to the full contents of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Network Service use Agreement for this product. 1. Scope of application. A) when you register for this product account, The personal registration information you provide according to the requirements of this product (except for the enterprise name and related industrial and commercial registration information required by laws and regulations); B) when you use this product network service, or visit the web page of this product platform, this product automatically receives and records the information on your browser and iphone or ipad, Including, but not limited to, your IP address, the type of browser, the language used, the date and time of access, software and hardware characteristics, and the web page records you need; C) the personal data of the user obtained by this product from the business partner through legal means. You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy: D) keyword information you enter when using the search services provided by this product platform; privacy policy. two。. Information usage. A) this product will not provide, sell, lease, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party except with your prior permission, Or the third party and this product (including the affiliated company of this product) provide services to you individually or jointly, and after the end of the service, it will be denied access, including all such information that it was previously able to access. B) this product also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information by any means. If any user of this product platform engages in the above activities, upon discovery, this product shall have the right to terminate the service agreement with that user immediately. C) for the purpose of serving users, this product may provide you with information of interest to you through the use of your personal information, including, but not limited to, sending you product and service information, Or share information with partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent). 3. information disclosure. This product will disclose all or part of your personal information in accordance with your personal wishes or legal provisions under the following circumstances: A) disclosure to third parties with your prior consent; B) in order to provide the products and services you request, you must share your personal information with third parties; C) Disclosure to a third party or to an administrative or judicial body in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or at the request of an administrative or judicial body; D) if you violate the relevant laws and regulations of China or the service agreement or related rules of this product, you need to disclose it to a third party; E) if you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, disclose it to the Respondent at the request of the complainant so that both parties can deal with possible rights disputes; F) in a transaction created on the product platform, if either party to the transaction has fulfilled or partially fulfilled its trading obligations and made a request for information disclosure, the product shall have the right to decide to provide the user with the necessary information, such as the contact information of the other party to the transaction, To facilitate the completion of a transaction or the settlement of a dispute. G) other disclosures of this product as deemed appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies. 4. Information storage and exchange. The information and materials collected about you will be stored on the servers of this product and / or its affiliated companies. Such information and materials may be transmitted to and accessed, stored and displayed abroad in your country, region or where the information and materials collected for this product are collected. 5. Use of Cookie. A) if you do not refuse to accept cookies, this product will set up or access cookies, on your mobile phone so that you can log in to or use the services or features of this product platform that rely on cookies. This product uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized service, including promotional services. B) you have the right to choose to accept or reject cookies. You can reject cookies by modifying the browser settings. However, if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to log in or use cookies-dependent network services or features of this product. C) the relevant information obtained through the cookies established in this product will apply to this policy. 6. Information security. A) all accounts of this product have security protection function. Please take good care of your user name and password information. This product will ensure that your information will not be lost, abused and altered through security measures such as encrypting the user password. Despite the above security measures, please note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network. B) when using this product network service for online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only if necessary. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially the user name and password of this product, please contact the customer service of this product immediately, so that this product can take corresponding measures. C) the relevant information and data collected by this product, including, but not limited to, participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details; D) violations of the law or the rules of this product and the measures that have been taken against you. 7. Changes to this Privacy Policy. A) if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy and where we think appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information and who can access it. And under what circumstances we will disclose this information. B) this product
